README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README for Expense Tracker App
Updated README to reflect project details and features.

README.md, after:

# Expense Tracker App

`Disclaimer: This project is still under active development. Some features are incomplete or may change in the future.`

A simple expense tracking web application that allows users to log in with their Google account, track their spending, categorize expenses, and store everything securely in a cloud database.

## Live Demo
Vercel Deployment: https://money-tracker-qev1.vercel.app/

## Features

- Google login via NextAuth
- Secure storage in MongoDB using the user session ID
- Adding expenses with category, description, and price
- Nice view of existing expenses with help react-chartjs-2
- Icons and colors for category visualization
- Smooth animations using Framer Motion
- Real-time revalidation using SWR
- Responsive UI styled with Tailwind CSS

## Tech stack

| Area           | Technology                                   |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Framework      | **Next.js (App Router)**                     |
| Language       | **TypeScript**                               |
| Authentication | **NextAuth (Google Provider)**               |
| Database       | **MongoDB**                                  |
| API            | **Next.js API Routes**                       |
| Styling        | **Tailwind CSS**                             |
| Animations     | **Framer Motion**                            |
| Data fetching  | **SWR**                                      |

## Preview Screenshots

<img width="460" height="1024" alt="Adding new expense" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4342101a-3cc0-41e6-94ca-611aec1b32a4" />

<img width="460" height="1024" alt="Choosing a category" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86cce60c-79a4-4e7f-bd7a-8d3aa5238c89" />

<img width="460" height="1024" alt="Dasboard" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7b8d466-73c8-4ced-8c6a-23d55f2bad09" />
